General conditions of use for the NAAM_BEDRIJF website
Adresgegevens bedrijf

Access to and use of this website are subject to the following conditions of use (‘Conditions of Use’). You are kindly requested to read the Conditions of Use carefully before making use of this website in any way. By continuing to visit this website or using it in any way, you are expressly agreeing to these conditions. 

Purpose and content of the website
This website is a guide to searching for information on the services and policy of NAAM_BEDRIJF. With this website, NAAM_BEDRIJF wants to offer you simple, fast and improved access to information about NAAM_BEDRIJF and its services.

Intellectual property
Any content on this website, including trademarks, logo’s, drawings, data, product or company names, text and images, are protected by the intellectual property right and belong to NAAM_BEDRIJF or entitled third parties.

Nature of the information provided
The information available on this website is of a general nature. The information is not adapted to personal or specific circumstances and cannot therefore be considered personal, professional or legal advice. This website and all the materials provided are available as they are "in their current state" and without guarantee. The website and the information contained therein are therefore used at your own risk.
If you require specific or personal advice, you should always contact the competent person within NAAM_BEDRIJF. 
The information and documents made available on this website may not be seen as authentic reproductions of officially accepted text.

Liability
NAAM_BEDRIJF makes every effort to ensure that the information provided is complete, correct, accurate and up to date. Despite these efforts, inaccuracies may occur. If the information provided contains inaccuracies or if certain information is unavailable, attempts will be made to correct this as quickly as possible. If you detect inaccuracies in the information made available, you can contact NAAM_BEDRIJF at any time.
NAAM_BEDRIJF makes every effort to protect the website by all reasonable means and limit as far as possible any inconveniences caused by technical faults. However, NAAM_BEDRIJF cannot rule out the possibility that incorrect technical manoeuvres or unauthorised interventions may occur. For this reason, NAAM_BEDRIJF cannot guarantee that access to the website will not be interrupted or that the website will not experience disruption in some other way due to such problems.
However, NAAM_BEDRIJF may not under any circumstances be held liable for direct or indirect damage that occurs through the use of this website or the information provided. You are personally responsible for any damage to your computer system or for the loss of data as a result of downloading information.
NAAM_BEDRIJF reserves the right to amend these ‘Conditions of Use’ at any time. 

Applicable law and applicable courts
These Conditions of Use are governed by Belgian law. By using this website you agree to the courts of Brussels having sole jurisdiction in the event of a dispute

Protection of privacy
NAAM_BEDRIJF respects your privacy. The information you enter on the website will be treated in confidence. The data you provide via the website are only used to be able to deliver the information requested by you. By providing these personal data you are expressly agreeing to NAAM_BEDRIJF storing and processing these data for the aforementioned purposes.
Unless you give your express consent to the contrary, your e-mail address, username or password will never be disclosed to other authorities or third parties.

NAAM_BEDRIJF cares about your privacy, and always acts in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian Privacy Law (Law of 8 December 1992 on the protection of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data). 

Cookies
This website uses so-called ‘cookies’: small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your computer. Cookies are used on this website to adapt the site to your needs.
You can disengage the use of cookies in your browser. Please check the help function within your browser.